Kijin Seija is an Amanojaku in Gensokyo, just like Seija Kijin. He can turn over everything that was turned over by Seija Kijin. With this being said, Kijin seems to be a much likable creature than Seija Kijin. But actually, being an Amanojaku means that he also has a twisted soul. The only difference between him and Seija is the effect of their ability. Seija enjoys flipping everything, while Kijin enjoys reversing everything, not for righteousness, just for fun. Therefore, although he always fixes problems caused by Seija, his presence seems not to be appreciated by the villagers.

Kijin was just trying to enjoy his ice cream when something out of the ordinary happened: It seemed that Seija was up t o to no good, turning all of the chocolate ice cream in the village into vanilla. Kijin hated vanilla! He vowed that he would have all of the delicious chocolate back and restored to the poor villagers in no time... There were already children crying over their new ice cream. The horror!

In fact, although Kijin and Seija and Seija Kijin always appear to fight against each other, Kijin Seija and Seija Kijin secretly loves each other. Just because their families are rivalries, they are not allowed to be friendly to each other.

When the Corona virus spread around the world, both Kijin's and Seija's families had a change of heart after realizing that you could lose your loved ones. In the Summer of 2020, after the discovery of the vaccine the world is back to how it was again and Kijin and Seija are getting married tomorrow where everybody will have a chocolate ice cream cake.

It is supposed to be a lovely day - where people are getting married, having fun, and having ice cream, but because of her twisted soul, such a beautiful ending makes her changed mind! She decided to screw all this up during the wedding. When people were having fun, she flipped the season from summer to winter, so that people wouldn't be enjoying their ice cream! But to her surprise, the ice cream is so delicious that nobody stopped just because of the cold. On the contrary, it became even more romantic with the snow. She was so frustrated. At this moment, Kijin used his ability to flip everything back. Now people are getting upset loosing such beautiful scenery, and Seija got joy. Kijin was satisfied.
